Explain approval rights (#42)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: README.md

    └── collectives
        └── collectives-polkadot
```

## Approval rights

The approval rights are configured in [`review-bot.yml`](.github/review-bot.yml). The rights are configured as:

- All files in `.github` require two approvals from fellow members of rank 4 or higher.

> - `CHANGELOG.md`, `relay/*` or `system-parachains/*` require four approvals from fellow members of rank 3 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CHANGELOG`, `relay/*` or `system-parachains/*` require four approvals from fellow members of rank 3 or higher.
```

> - All files in `.github` require two approvals from fellow members of rank 4 or higher.
> - `CHANGELOG.md`, `relay/*` or `system-parachains/*` require four approvals from fellow members of rank 3 or higher.
> - All other files require the approval from one fellow member of rank 2 or higher.

Reviewer 2: Technically, a "Fellow" is _member of the Fellowship_ rank 3 or higher. "Rank 2 Fellow" doesn't make sense, they are "Members".
```suggestion
- All files in `.github` require two approvals from Fellowship members of rank 4 or higher.
- `CHANGELOG.md`, `relay/*` or `system-parachains/*` require four approvals from Fellowship members of rank 3 or higher.
- All other files require the approval from one Fellowship member of rank 2 or higher.
```

> The review-bot uses the on-chain identity to map from a github account to a fellowship member. This requires that each fellowship member add their github handle to their on-chain identity. Check [here](docs/github-on-chain-identity.md) for instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The review-bot uses the on-chain identity to map from a GitHub account to a Fellowship member. This requires that each Fellowship member add their GitHub handle to their on-chain identity. Check [here](docs/github-on-chain-identity.md) for instructions.
```

> The review-bot is using the on chain identity to map from a github account to a fellowship member. This requires that each fellowship member adds its github handle to its on-chain identity. Check [here](docs/github-on-chain-identity.md) for an instruction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The review-bot uses the on-chain identity to map from a github account to a fellowship member. This requires that each fellowship member add their github handle to their on-chain identity. Check [here](docs/github-on-chain-identity.md) for instructions.
```
